# Main concept

Project-Hotline is a story about addiction, regret, and the haunting consequences of a life spiraling out of control. Our protagonist wakes up in a grimy bathroom with no memory of who they are. Shortly after, their phone buzzes, connecting them to the last character of the story: a mysterious man who speaks with them throughout the game. Through conversation, our protagonist will piece together the events that led to this moment. From here, you’ll get the raw story. It won’t be overly detailed or presented in full.

Blake Davis (gender left to the player's interpretation) is an American ex-rockstar, around 30 years old. After their fame faded, money ran dry, and soon they couldn’t sustain the drug habits they picked up in the music industry. Desperate to feed their addiction, they made a deal with a mobster to start doing his dirty work. This man is called Delta, though that isn’t his real name. We won’t learn much about him except that he’s the one talking with Blake throughout the game, and the one who ordered all their missions. Blake’s new life as a hitman begins with a simple task: retrieve stolen goods from a rival gang. But for Blake, the real fear is the thought of taking a life for the first time. This was a point of no return. Sitting in their rundown car, they hesitate, rifling through a sea of empty syringes, hoping to find just one with a hit of heroin left. Nothing. Their breathing becomes shallow, panic setting in. They need the rush—badly. There’s only one way to feel that euphoria again—and this is it. Determined, they arrive at the house, they load the gun and open the door. A massacre. And then again, and again, and again. Every month, once, twice, some months even one per week. So many times that they start embodying the frenzy, that they start laughing instead of wanting to look again. So many times they start to go crazy. But euphoria doesn't last forever. Every morning, turning on the TV, news start rolling. A murder of four in fifth avenue. A murder of seventeen on Dolly St. Photos of the families, sometimes kids. At first they turn off the TV as soon as possible, they tell to themselves that they will grow out of that guilt eventually, that they will get accustomed to it. But it doesn't happen. It never happens. The psycological toll on Blake starts getting worse and worse, and they start to see faces in places they shouldn't. They start to hear voices, voices telling them to keep killing, to do it again and again, to make them suffer for longer and longer. They start loosing their humanity, embodying the frenzy of killing everybody. But then morning arrieves. They're on their couch, at home, cold pizza from yesterday, TV displaying a no-signal error, feeling the room with a white-noise that does nothing more than prevents them to listen the sound they make when crying. Some razors and a credit card on the coffe table, empty syringes all over the floor. Depression sure is taking effect on our poor Blake, it almost feels like these are two completely different people. Then comes the next mission, the mission that will be their last. Just a simple task: kill. everyone. It's 12 a.m. Blake snorts a line of cocain before stepping outside of the car. The silence of the night is only interrupted by the click of their 8mm. Inside, a family that has nothing to do against their rifle. They ask Blake to let them escape, but the voices tell them to pull the trigger. To see the corpses falling to the ground. To see their eyes lose color. The next morning is the worst yet. The voices are deafening, drowning out every thought. There’s only one thing to do. They grab a razor and stumble into the shower. Maniacal laughter escapes as they see blood running down their scarred arms. The red slowly fills the tub. Everything fades to black. They collapse.

Blake wakes up without remembering anything. A phone buzzes in the sink, casting a faint light across the bathroom. They pick it up. A man named Delta answers. They start talking, memories creeping back in. Faces. Blood. Silence. Delta keeps trying to reel Blake back in, but with every second, Blake pulls further away from their boss. For the first time, they see themselves for what they are: a drug addict who killed hundreds to fund their addiction. A broken person who can never undo what they’ve done. Blake tells Delta to never call again. A heated argument erupts. Delta taunts Blake, saying they were never strong enough. He kicks open the bathroom door. The door slams against the wall, casting harsh light over the blood-soaked floor. Holding a gun aimed at Blake, Delta says, “You weren’t even strong enough to kill yourself.” The screen fades to black, a gunshot echoes. A blue screen with the game’s title, "No Signal," appears as the credits roll. Along with the credits, two stats appear at the end: number of people killed and number of innocent people killed.

# Scene drafts

## Prologue

Tutorial scene, narrative tells this is the first time killing someone for Blake, game shows the controls: movement, shooting, melee combat and picking up items

## Act I - Rockstar's Requiem

> Phone buzzes for first time, screen is Dark, only the dialog is shown. They talk about not being able to remember anything, and ask him how they met. 
1. **Alleyway**: Recover an stolen drug package. This is a low-stake mission that is essential for Blake to be trusted by Delta. It also acts as a test, with Delta seeing how Blake behaves in a real mission. In this scene, Blakes goes to a small gang hideout to recover a package that was compromised in a transaction. They sold it to someone that didn't pay them what they accorded, so they're getting it back. This setup is a matter of loyalty and proving Blake's worth
> Dialogue 2 will go here
2. **Metro**: Leave a message on an abandoned metro station. This is set on an abandoned metro station similar to the New York ones, trains do cross the station but they wont stop. **The gimmick of the scene is the train moving on the rails**. The metro station has an old locker room where Delta will have to leave the card. Inside it there is a note and a bullet. This is meant as a warning for the rival gang that tricked Delta's. The abandoned metro station has to provide the tension that will appear more as the mental ilnesses begin to unravel on Acts II and III. Symbolically, this scene represents Blake's own descent and isolation, as they starts going to a world where they no longer truly belong in daylight society
> Dialogue 3 will go here
3. **Skyscraper**: Killing an important figure. This is set on a luxurious skyscraper where a higher up of the oposing mafia resides. **The gimmick of this scene is the introduction to glass and the rooftop part**. Blake will have to get their way through the security until they arrieve at the balcony where their objective is. He won't have a weapon and will approach conversation first, begging for his life. Blake will have the first dialogue choice in the game. Symbolically, this mission affects more Blake's psyche as it's the first one where the objective IS to kill someone
> Dialogue 4 will go here

## Act II - The Descent

Game graphics will start becoming bizarre from here. Blood, grafitti, dead corpses will begin to appear as Blake starts to become insane. Are they products of their imagination or is it all real? First full screen text will appear at the end of mission 6.

4. Unnamed
5. Unnamed
6. Unnamed

## Act III - Crimson Skull

7. Unnamed
8. Unnamed
9. Unnamed